(Tessa)
In high school,
there's practically
no limit to the number
of things
you can try your hand at.
In a surprise move,
I had recently signed up
for liking Ryan Shay.
A year ago, I would've
looked over there and thought
what a bunch of dumb jocks.
And now, I look over there
and think, "Hey, Ryan."
I think this whole
adoption thing
has really helped
humanize him.
You know, like when we
found out about Dave Thomas.
Suddenly his frozen dairy
dessert tasted bittersweet.
Good day, Miss Altman.
Keeping it tight, I presume?
What's wrong with you?
I-I didn't know
if people at school
were supposed to know
about us or not.
- Know what?
- About our love.
And how tender it is.
Don't be weird.
I don't care.
You hear that, Chatswin?
She doesn't care!
Tessa and I aren't embarrassed
to express
how tender our love is.
It's extremely tender!
[all cheering]
Yeah, man.
Congratulations, Tessa.
I had no idea
things were so tender
between the two of you.
No one in their wildest dreams
expected you
to snag a football player.
It would be like
that runner with no legs
winning the Olympics.
- Thanks.
- Listen.
You are a
football girlfriend now.
And we're going to look past
your negativity and smugness
and embrace you, because that's
what football girlfriends do.
You can shadow me
till you get the hang of it.
Don't worry.
You're in good hands.
Amber's trained
some of the best football
girlfriends in the field.
You should put that
on your college application.
Why would I go to college?
I've already met
my future husband.
From now on,
before signing up for things
I should remember
to read the fine print.
(Dallas)
'Look at that fine print.'
And look at the DPI, George.
Just look at it!
This printer is the best thing
that's ever happened to me
and I met Garry Shandling.
With this printer,
I can finally print
people's dreams come true.
But this isn't
my dream, right?
Don't be silly.
You're a monarch.
'See how lush and saturated
you look, George?'
Even Yakult
said you look saturated.
Yes, okay, thank you, Dallas.
This is very sweet.
I appreciate it.
Should we start
cutting the tabs?
I have to go meet Noah.
- George?
- Huh?
What is that?
Oh, that's just
some files and stuff.
They don't look like files.
They look like
more of my flyers.
Yeah, th-th-that's what I said.
File-ers.
Sometimes my
Southern accent comes out
from my semester
in Charleston.
- Honey child.
- Oh.
[theme song]
♪ Last night I had ♪
♪ A pleasant nightmare ♪
♪ Da-da da-da da da da ♪♪
I wanted to have an open mind
about the football girlfriends.
They just made it so damn hard.
This is where we
bake the treats
'for the goody bags
that we give'
'to our boyfriends on game day.'
'We don't do it
for the thank yous'
because they don't
say thank you.
We do it
because it's tons of fun.
So this is where we do
our boyfriends' homework
so they can focus on practice.
So we do this
for the thank yous?
Tessa, no.
There are no thank yous.
We do this
because it helps our guys
to concentrate on victory
and over time
their victories will start
to feel like your victories.
And that's its own reward.
You'll see.
And this is the pep rally
nerve center.
Wow!
Looks like..
[sighs]
...a sweatshop.
We call it the devotion pit.
'It's where we make
the T-shirts, banners'
and miscellaneous sundries
that express our love
loyalty, and allegiance.
So you girls are basically
mindless servants
struggling to uphold
outdated gender roles?
Now you got it.
And the longer you serve, the
louder you cheer. You'll see.
[cell phone ringing]
It's Derek.
Let's go, Derek!
Way to dial that phone, baby!
Good phone answer, Joan.
- Thanks.
- No.
Derek may have been into it,
but some people
find relentless cheer-leading..
Stifling.
You know, to, to me
each one of those flyers
might as well say,
"I judge you, George Altman.
I judge you for not being
successful enough."
Dallas is judgey. She is.
When she met me,
I was not a skylight king.
Look, if you're
the skylight king
then she's the queen.
Alright, and that, my friends,
is what they all want.
They want status.
They-they want stability.
Why do you think
I became a dentist?
I could've been anything.
Have you ever seen me
on the uneven bars?
He's like an eagle...with arms.
And two legs.
And a monkey's face.
He's like a monkey.
It doesn't seem fair
that they can thrust
these roles upon us.
Forcing us to build
miniature cities
in our basements.
I'm building a miniature
city in my basement.
- It's actually pretty cool.
- 'Okay.'
Forget skylights.
If you could start any business
right now, what would it be?
I'd be in the business
of rocking.
Ooh! Bad boy.
I was in a dad band
a few years ago.
I played the bass guitar.
Slapped her silly.
Named her Rhoda.
I'm a big fan of that TV show.
Loved it.
Never missed an episode.
Guys, we're dads,
dads who rock.
Why is it..
...we are not
rocking out together?
- I don't know.
- That's a good question!
Then what say ye?
Dads, shall we redefine
who we are
and define who it is
we want to be?
Yea, verily,
shall we do something
that our partners
can't control or dictate?
Shall we call our band
Sheila's Pets?
No, Fred.
No, we shall not.
That is a terrible name.
Oh.
So how are you and the football
girls getting along?
- Great.
- I knew you'd hit it off.
Amber's had a really
interesting journey.
She always wanted to date
Renaldo, our tight end
but she used to be fat.
Then she lost a ton of weight..
...and then they hooked up.
No. Yeah,
that's really interesting.
Yeah, it is interesting.
It's interesting
and it's inspiring.
Really inspiring.
Yeah, she's...
got a great story.
Oh, ah, that reminds me,
I'm supposed to give Renaldo
a noogie at 12:45.
I'd better go. Shoot.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye. Bye.
So wait,
did you actually think
that girl's story
was interesting?
- Nope.
- Right.
So why aren't you
being honest with Ryan?
Okay, you know
how sometimes I can..
...be a little negative
or...smug?
- Preachy at times.
- Right.
- Soapboxy.
- Okay, Lisa. Yep.
I'm, I'm trying
not to do that.
I'm just trying
to be supportive.
Interesting.
Well, I guess conformity's
a small price to pay
if you wanna date a big,
beefy football player.
S-so what, football's
a better sport than lacrosse?
Yes, Malik. Ignore him.
Maybe this is what it means
to be dating Ryan, right?
You know, some people's
physiques lend themselves
more to lacrosse, which-which
is a lot harder than it looks.
You are embarrassing
yourself, Malik.
No, you are.
Fawning over football players?
I'd like to see
one of them make a fast break
while maintaining his cradle.
Nobody knows what you're
talking about, Malik.
- Should we--
- No, just eat your food.
Don't cause a scene.
Okay, so tonight we're working
on the giant paper banner
that the team will run through
at the pep rally.
Typically, we work
with puffy pens and glitter
but if you wanna try
something else...don't.
It's best if you just stick
with the puffy pens and glitter.
- Okay.
- I love your enthusiasm, Tessa.
[instrumental music]
Alright. You got this?
[chuckles]
I've played my fair share
of rock band.
I'm talking four stars
for Black Hole Sun
on "Expert" brosef.
[drumbeats]
Alright, not bad.
[guitar music]
- Getting funky now.
- 'Funky?'
I'm gonna funking funk the funk
out of Rhoda tonight.
Rhoda's a filthy lady.
This is pretty sweet, guys.
Pretty sweet.
I have to say, it felt good
to finally tell Sheila
I found a deer tick
and had to run to urgent care.
Okay, I, I hereby declare
the first rehearsal
of Full-On Fatherly Assault
or Fathers of Mass Destrocktion
in session!
Yo!
I see, so Sheila's Pets
isn't even on the ballot.
No, and-and since
we're talking about it
I'm also vetoing the "Chickity
China" song from the set list.
- What?
- 'Yeah.'
That's not the name of the song
and no one wants to sing it.
Nobody wants to sing
about Chinese chicken?
- I don't.
- Ne-neither of us do.
♪ Chickity China
the Chinese chicken ♪♪
Yes, I'm familiar with it.
Still a no.
Sit down.
Let's do this. Here we go.
- Is that a frog?
- What?
Are you, are you drawing
a frog on the banner?
You're not,
you're not supposed to.
Oh, I..
...just..
...know how to draw them, so..
Yeah, I would, I would
just stick to the letters
because if we draw pictures
the players will
stop and look at 'em
instead of--
Destroying the artwork
we spent all night making?
You seem a little bit on edge.
If you sniff the tip,
you can catch a buzz.
Makes the night go faster.
Yeah, I know another way
to make the night go by faster.
Know what it's called?
Going home!
Tessa.
- Keep your voice down.
- What's that?
Oh, you think it's dumb
we can't draw frogs? I agree!
- I never, I-I never said that.
- Come on!
I'm sure there's
all sorts of things you girls
wish you could do, but you
can't, because you're here.
You know what's better
than being here--
There's nothing better.
She's drunk.
I smell alcohol
on her breath.
Well, it's called..
...going home.
I didn't wanna get on
a soapbox, but I am on one.
Girls, your needs
are just as important
as football players'.
Look at Stephanie here.
She's hungry.
She wants to go out for a slice.
How did she know that?
And you. What's your name?
- I'm Derek's girlfriend.
- What is your name, child?
- I wanna say...Joan.
- I bet you do.
[clicks tongue]
You look like a Joan.
And what about that girl
over there
with a bloody Jersey
wrapped around her hand?
Shouldn't she be seen
by a doctor?
- Sean says it's in my head.
- It's not in your head.
You are bleeding from your hand.
She should be in urgent care
and we should
all be at home watching TV.
It is 9:30 on a Wednesday night
and there has gotta
be something good on.
I'm going home to watch it.
Who's with me?
[guitar music]
♪ Day after day
I'm more confused ♪
♪ And I look for the light ♪
♪ Through the pouring rain ♪
♪ You know that's a game ♪
♪ That I hate to lose ♪
♪ And I'm feeling the strain ♪
♪ Yeah ain't it a shame ♪
♪ Oh give me the beat boys ♪
♪ And free my soul ♪
♪ I wanna get lost
in your rock 'n' roll ♪
♪ And drift away ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Give me the beat boys ♪
♪ And free my soul ♪
♪ I wanna get lost
in Fred's rock 'n' roll ♪
♪ And drift away ♪
♪ Oh ♪♪
Drift away, Freddie!
Drift away!
Yeah!
What in blue blazes
are you doing?
Uh, Sheila--
Your filthy noise is polluting
the entire neighborhood
particularly the lead vocals.
You're pitchy, George,
very pitchy.
But the base was good, right?
- I'm pitchy?
- Yeah.
Okay, I'd like to see
you do better.
Okay.
"Barracuda." Hit it.
[rock music]
♪ So this ain't the end ♪
♪ I saw you again ♪
♪ Today ♪
♪ I had to turn my heart away ♪
♪ Smiled like the sun ♪
♪ Kisses for everyone ♪
♪ And tales it never fails ♪
♪ You lying so low
in the weeds ♪
♪ I bet you gonna ambush me ♪
♪ You'd have me down ♪
♪ Down down down ♪
♪ On my knees ♪
♪ Now wouldn't you barracuda ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪♪
[music continues]
So..
- Sheila's Pets?
- No, man.
Th-this is a dad band.
But Sheila is undeniable.
You saw her.
Guys...I have been in a lot
of bands in my life,
high school punk bands
college alt bands,
I was briefly a member
of Five For Fighting
before they got big
and I have never in my life
felt the kind of spark...
I did tonight.
What are you saying?
I'm saying I think we should
let Sheila in the band.
Oh. Get a hold of yourself, man!
Guys, we could be good!
Do you understand what
that means? We could be good!
Not dad-band good,
but real-band good.
Look, I joined
Fathers of Mass Destrocktion
or I was also thinking
Mein Vater Band because..
...we stood for something.
We stood for not hanging out
'with our wives'
and taking back the night.
What about the hanging out
George?
What about the chips and dip?
Guys, I'm sorry.
I think considering
I'm the lead singer
and the guitarist,
and I started this band
I gotta make the call
on this one.
I have to do what's best
for Sheila's Pets.
Well..
...then you do it alone.
My friend..
...you do it alone.
Come on, Fred.
Our garage wasn't the only
place spirits were down.
And finally, the quarterback
that I would pay a dollar for
the one, the only
Ryan "The Body" Sha-a-ay!
[instrumental music]
Come on, Chatswin.
'Where's your spirit?'
[snoring]
What the hell?
'Where's all the football
girlfriends?'
(Tessa)
'Whoo!'
There is very little pep
at this rally.
I might have had
one of my soapbox incidents.
Yeah, I kinda liberated
the girls from their servitude
and unintentionally
empowered them.
Mmm. Ryan's gonna kill you.
Who did this? Huh?
Show yourself!
It's okay. Get up, boys!
We can win still!
We can win.
While I had dashed
Ryan's dreams of glory
George had hired
some session musicians
and was making
his own dreams come true..
...with Sheila.
♪ Hey I want candy ♪
♪ Hoo ♪
Put some stank on it, George.
Come on!
♪ Whoo whoo ♪
Alright, let's take five.
Let's take five.
Sounds great, guys.
I know rocking's
a thirsty business, so I..
Oh! Oh, Sheila.
- We don't take requests.
- No.
I just thought George's band
was a daddy-only thing.
Isn't that
what you told me, daddy?
Well, you know what?
It was. Uh, but then..
- The thing is, uh..
- 'George?'
- Yeah?
- Tell your piece to hit it.
Sorry. We have a no-yoko policy.
- Okay.
- Ah!
Hey.
- We lost the game.
- I'm sorry.
No one even got to run through
a paper banner made of paper.
I know.
That's everyone's favorite part
of football, Tessa.
That's why half of us started
playing in the first place.
I mean, how can we beat a team
that got to run through paper
when we haven't
had the advantage of running
through paper ourselves?
Is it possible you're putting
too much importance
on running through paper?
Is it possible
that you're crazy?
Look, Ryan, those girls
making your banners
they're out there
pursuing their own interests.
They're eating pizza and
becoming well-rounded people.
Their sole purpose in life
cannot be
to worship their boyfriends.
You did this?
I didn't mean to dismantle
the system, but, yeah, I did.
And I'm really sorry
if you're upset.
I should've known
you didn't really wanna
fit in with my friends.
You always
have to shake it up.
You always have to make..
...people...think.
I am a thinker, Ryan.
I think.
I thought
you liked that about me.
Think again, thinker.
Think again.
- Dallas, lemme explain, please.
- There's nothing to explain,.
You started your little band
with your little friends
so you could avoid doing
fun printing jobs with me.
Look, Dallas,
now I, I know you
want me to be rich
and powerful
and to grow my business
into some huge empire
but part of me is unwilling
to admit that I am this
and-and not this.
A toilet?
Oh, that was supposed
to be Rolling Stone.
But you know what I mean.
George, I will support you
whether you wanna be
the skylight king or the King
of Leon, whoever the hell he is.
Really? Because you were coming
at me so hard with those flyers.
It-it kind of felt like
like you were trying
to change me.
I spent $7000
on a printer, George.
Seven thousand dollars!
I sure as hell better use it.
Look..
...sometimes when a woman
spends too much money
on something
she really doesn't need
she tries to cram it down
everyone else's throats
to justify the purchase.
Surely you can understand that.
Well, I'm sorry, Dallas.
I, I guess I was being
a little defensive
because Steven was such--
An absolute skid mark on
the pristine panties of my soul?
No matter how much money
that man had
it wasn't enough to keep me.
I'm glad to hear you say that.
Hey. You know what?
Our band does need some flyers.
Now, do you know anyone that has
a $7000 printer who could help?
You know I do.
Okay.
What's the name of your band?
Uh..
[school bell ringing]
[instrumental music]
- Interception.
- Funny.
Thanks.
I'm really sorry...
about yesterday.
It's possible that I
overreacted a little bit.
But you made me think.
I didn't want to,
but you made me
like you always do,
and I think..
...that everyone
needs to be cheered for
not just us guys.
So.. Bros?
What's this?
I want you to see how good
it feels to run through paper.
I don't wanna run through paper.
I did your thing.
Now you're gonna try mine.
I want you to know
how good it feels
to have someone
rooting for you.
Okay. Fine.
[instrumental music]
Three, two, one!
Go!
[music continues]
I had to admit,
it was pretty exhilarating..
...and a little embarrassing.
Whoo!
Crush those numbers, Tessa!
'Destroy that math!'
'Yeah!'
Are all the parks
clothing-optional?
Yeah, but I haven't been able
to find any nude figurines
at that scale, so..
Okay.
"Chinese Chicken."
And, you, you get to name
the band whatever you want.
I don't know, George.
I think it's kind of ruined now.
Yeah, and if you love
Sheila so much
why don't you marry her?
Please don't.
Look, you have every right
to be upset with me
but it's, it's been..
♪ One week
since you looked at me ♪
♪ Cocked your head to the side ♪
♪ And said I'm angry ♪
♪ Five days
since you laughed at me ♪
♪ Chickity China
the Chinese chicken ♪♪
- No, Fred. No.
- No, it's too soon.
It's never too soon.
♪ Hot like wasabi
when I bust rhymes ♪
♪ Big like LeAnn Rimes
because I'm all about value ♪
♪ Bert Kaempfert's got the mad
hits you try to match wits ♪
♪ You try to hold me
but I bust through ♪
♪ Gonna make a break
and take a fake ♪
♪ I'd like a stinkin'
achin' shake I like vanilla ♪
♪ It's the finest
of the flavors ♪♪